oh hi glad to see you're back again at
expert village my name is kat litrenta
and I am a professional entertainer and
I've been taking you through on this
segment on how to be a big band 1940s
star and you know there's not really
much you could do to the hair other than
going and buying a wig maybe with a role
in the front if you want to take a look
at forties films some of those wonderful
Joan Crawford films which takes her hair
and they make a roll out of the front of
it like that and it's all rolled back
Wow don't worry about that what I
suggest is go and get a snood or what
they might call it modern times a
hairnet this hair nut comes in lots of
different colors and they're very
inexpensive and if you put them on your
hair just right you can put them all
around the back stick your hair in what
it does is makes a roll of your hair
they call it a snood well now you've got
your snoot on stick some of that behind
your ears because I got an awful lot of
hair and you've got this little bitty
piece up on top here and you're gonna
say well what am I gonna do with that
oh well what we're gonna do with that is
well first of all you know what we could
spray that out of the way let's spray
that odd way we haven't used any spray
there you go that'll keep that hair out
of your eyes
we're going to cover the top of that
snood with the cap and the cap part of
the costume finishes it off I mean is
that just adorable or what you've got
your snood with your rolled hair and you
got your overseas cap we're gonna pin
that on so it doesn't fall off bye-bye